HTML/CSS/JS keywords Pt. 2 (#811)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/ul/ul.md

---
Title: '<ul>'

> Description: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: ' Represents an unordered list of items.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Lists'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<ul>`** tag represents an unordred list of items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<ul>`** element represents an unordered list of items.
```
